‎In the preceding chapter,
we saw an overview
‎of what Ezekiel’s temple vision
‎meant for the Jews
held captive in Babylon.
‎In this chapter,
we’ll discuss some specific lessons
‎that the vision conveyed to the Jews.
‎That’ll help us understand
the vital message
‎that the temple vision has for us today
‎and in the future.
‎Read with me, please,
the theme scripture
‎at Ezekiel 43:12:
‎“This is the law of the temple.
‎“The entire territory all around
‎“the top of the mountain is most holy.
‎“Look!
‎This is the law of the temple.”
‎When you study this chapter,
‎“This Is the Law of the Temple,”
‎look for the answers to these questions:
‎What practical lessons
did the exiled Jews
‎likely draw
from Ezekiel’s temple vision?
‎In what ways does the temple vision
apply in our own time?
‎As you look over the diagram
of Ezekiel’s visionary temple,
‎what lessons would you like
to apply in your own worship?
‎Ezekiel’s vision of the temple reminds us
‎that Jehovah is the Grand Instructor.
‎Using vivid, detailed word pictures,
‎he teaches us so much
‎that we need to know
about serving him acceptably.
‎As the world’s moral standards
continue to decline,
‎we must remember
that Jehovah’s lofty standards
‎do not change.
‎He required that the Israelites
render him pure worship,
‎and he requires the same of us today.